Through the years I keep on toiling.
Toiling through sun and rain.
Watching and patiently waiting.
Till the Savior comes again.
I am waiting on, on in a time.
And in the way, oh, have mercy now.
Keep me from the path of sin, oh Lord, now.
Hide me in your love, oh, Lord now.
Write my name above, oh, Lord now.
When the gates swing open, oh, Lord now.
I'll walk in,
I'll walk in.
Lord, teach me how to love my neighbor.
Teach me how to treat my friends.
Fill me with the Holy Spirit.
[Singing.]
I am on the law, Lord, and I trust, and in the Lord, have mercy now.
Keep me from the paths of sin, good Lord. Hide me in your love, oh, Lord now. Write my name above, oh, Lord now.
When the gates swing open, oh, Lord now, I'll walk in, I'll walk in.
Well, I'm tired...ain't tellin'.
Tired of the weight of sin.
...Well, I am coming Lord...
Lord, have mercy now, keep me from the paths of sin.
Oh, Lord now. Hide me in your love.
Oh, Lord now. Write my name above, in the morning.
Now when the gates swing open, oh, Lord, and I'll walk in, walk in.